Pinecone refarch landing page (#3778)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/solutions/ai-arch.md

    description: |
        This reference architecture demonstrates microservices scaling, data processing pipelines, infrastructure segmentation through networking and security groups, and UI and database synchronizations. It serves as a reference point for you take an idea in a notebook to an application handling real-world traffic. The reference architecture is built with the best practices for how to use AWS and Pinecone. It is designed for production, and it is easily modifiable to fit most use cases.

diagrams:
    title: Architecture Details

    items:
        - title: Infrastructure
          image: /images/solutions/ai-arch/pinecone-refarch-diagram.png
          content: |
            On the infrastructure side, the reference architecture uses a Pinecone index as a vector store, a queue to fan out work, networking and security groups to separate the infrastructure, ECS services for the frontend and backend microservices, and autoscaling configured to expand the worker pool up and down elastically in response to system load.

        - title: Application
          image: /images/solutions/ai-arch/refarch-semantic-search-flow.png
          content: |

>             On the application side, the reference architecture launches a semantic search interface over a Postgres database of product records, leveraging Pinecone’s vector database for queries and instant index updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            On the application side, the reference architecture provides a semantic search interface over a Postgres database of product records, leveraging Pinecone’s vector database for queries and instant index updates. There is a frontend microservice to supply the user interface, and a pair of backend microservices that manage changes to the database as well as embeddings and updates to the Pinecone index.
```
